Why DecisionStats?
One of the oldest and pioneering names in Data Science Training and Consulting, founded in 2007 by Ajay Ohri, author of two books on R Programming. DecisionStats offers cutting edge programs in consulting and training in R, Python and SAS.

Training
We offer courses in data science and social media. We have expertise in SAS , R and Python Languages.
We also offer custom training programs for Social Network Analysis , Social Media Analytics, Web Analytics, Data Mining and Big Data.

Consulting:
Expertise in SAS, Python and R languages.&nbsp; Provided advisory help in cloud computing, code optimization and Big Data Projects.
Expertise in analytics software customization, startingup analytics as an offshoring service, navigating strategic issues.

Events
We offer multiple Training Events to evangelize Data Science and Business Analytics. Many of these events are in the form of Meetups, Talks and Workshops.
These include discussions on developments as well as tutorials for Data Science and Social Media Analytics.

Latest News
The latest news on DecisionStats products, services and team members. This helps current, past and future alumni and clientele to stay in touch with what we have been upto.
We aim to be the bleeding edge Data Science advisory service for your firm .

About Us
Leaders in Data Science Consulting and Analytics.
Our Analytics helps you with Data Driven Insights.
True analytics is independent of legacy software paltforms, open source versus properietary platforms philosphy and aims at providing maximum return on investment and minimum total cost of ownership.We believe that analytics is truly beautiful when it leads to ease of insightful decisions.

Our Approach
We focus on data driven decision making by helping our client leverage the maximum from their data.
We work with defined scope of work. We are flexible to consumer needs and priorties.&nbsp; We are agnostic to tools as we have expertise in multiple platforms. We can offer both cloud based and in house server based analytics. We offer multiple approaches and clear gudielines on costs and benefits. We are independent of any software brand or provider.

TRAINING Courses
We offer the following ensemble courses
R for Analytics and Data Science
	Python for Analytics
	SAS language for beginners
	Social Media Analytics and Web Analytics
	Social Media for Marketing
	Corporate Blogging


Latest News
Keep in touch with our cutting edge services and products in Data Science

Workshop on Social Media (April 7 2015)
	R training&nbsp; for winter batch (Feb&nbsp; 2015)
	Article published by IBM Data Mag (Feb&nbsp; 2015)
	Interview by AnalyticsVidhya.com (Jan&nbsp; 2015)
	R for Cloud Computing (Springer)&nbsp; (Dec 2014)


Management:
We are a bunch of dreamers who dream big on Big Data and are focused on technology driven change

Ajay Ohri: Chief Data Scientist

Contact us:
51 Hauz Khas Village Delhi India
Email: info@decisionstats.org
Skype: decisionstats

follow us:
Fb-
github-https://github.com/Decision-Stats
linkdin-https://www.linkedin.com/company/decisionstats

